The game takes place in an alternative reality version of Earth in the year 2121. Humanity has almost destroyed Earth, rendering most
of the surface uninhabitable some decades after spreading across the solar system in a war between the outer solar system
and Earth. The war started over political conflicts involving miners' and dockers' rights.
The Kuiper belt has a permanentmining outpost with docks for building ships and housing people.
People who live there live their lives mostly in seclusion from Earth, having fought
against Earth's forces earlier in a war over the resources in the belt. Both sides took heavy losses and the war ended in cold peace after both sides
realized all life on Earth would be wiped out as a result of the war being prolonged and humans would lose the only truly colonized planet they had.
The fact that Earth had most of humanity's technology and research also played a part in ending the war.

The heavily taxing war resulted in loose trade relations being established between the miners and dockers and Earth. Earth provides luxury resources and technology, while
the belt's inhabitants deliver resources to Earth, mostly metal. Peace hangs on a thread and people have to be constantly reminded that the next outbreak might
mean the end for both the belt and Earth.

This uneasy situation and the state of Earth's surface has put a heavy toll on rights and quality of life, forcing the majority of Earth's population to live in poor conditions
where crime is commonplace and life has no value. Many try to escape their fates by joining different criminal organizations or try to force their ways into inhabited "safe-zones".


Factions:

Earth United
Kuiper Docks
Various criminal organizations and smugglers across the solar system
Scavengers
Mercenaries

Relationships:
Earth United - Kuiper Docks ( Cold war )
Scavengers - Shunned by everyone, outcasts. Cling to their lives outside civilized areas in radiated zones and places that have been abandoned due to
	     the results of the war between Earth United and Kuiper Docks. Scavengers are often little more than common bandits with no moral code.
Mercenaries - Employed by almost everyone in the solar system. Loyal only until the end of a contract, often end up having short careers due to
	      conflicting interests and the profession having a high mortality rate.