INTRO
-----

Players assume control of a band of mercenaries who were recruited by a well-known criminal organization for
a number of missions it takes to track down their old member and retrieve some items that were stolen from them.

The group's first mission is to meet with the organization's people on a ship orbiting Earth
and get the intel for the mission. They find out the person they are looking for has stolen one of the organization's
transport ships, but the transponder on the ship has been disabled, so the piece of information is the ship's last known
location, a off-city loading site on Earth.

After this the party is transported to the loading site on Earth by the organization's pilot and sets off to find the transporter.
The party is ambushed by a group of scanvengers on the way and after dealing with them they can go wipe out the scavenger camp nearby.

After the ambush the group advances to the loading site and notices the organization's mercs have been killed and it is now held by another group
of armed soldiers. After dealing with the initial defenders the base goes on lockdown. The group has to find the command center and lift the lockdown to gain
access to the hangar bay. There they find out the transport ship has been modified with a new transponder ID and the target is nowhere to be seen. They check the ship's
nav computer and find out the ship made a stop on the Moon base before landing on Earth.

After departing for Moon the group spot members of the other mercenary group outside a bar and decide to enter after dealing with them.
The group enters the bar and sees the target leaning against a counter, having a drink. The target spots them and a shootout takes place.
During the shootout some civilians may get shot and once the target is down, he drops a suitcase with a codelock.
After picking it up, the group returns to the transport and gets returned to the organization's ship.

OBJECTIVES:

1: Meet up with your employer.
2: Board the transport ship to Earth.
3: <upon traveling along the road for a while> *Deal with the ambushers*
OPTIONAL: Find the scavenger camp and take out the rest of the scavengers.
4: Enter the loading site.
5: Deal with the mercenaries
6: <After the final mercenary is dead 4/4>
7: Disable the lockdown.
8: <after the lockdown is disabled>
9: Find the transport and retrieve the stolen items.
10: <upon finding out about the transponder ID>
11: Return to the transporter and board the ship.
12: 